Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Clay:
Our truce?
Null and void.
Your new friend,
he hurt my club
and my town
and my family.
Let me do what I got to do,
or I’ll call in
another charter,
and we can turn Main Street
into Dia de los Muertos.
I guess Da raised
a little Irish pussy.
Oh! Oh!
- [gunshot]
- [Edmond grunts]
Shit.
Go. I’m giving
you a chance.
Hey.
What are you doing?
You need to
put down the gun.
You are a smart bitch.
This is Stahl.
Status update.
Edmond panicked,
ran for the door,
Gemma shot him in
the back with my weapon.
I need a little help.
I’m on the lam.
Can I help you?
Gemma.
I’m his daughter.
- My baby girl!
- Hi, Daddy.
Gemma killed my Eddy.
Son for a son.
No!
He took my son!
I don’t want her
finding out about Abel.
Hey, kiss Abel for me.
Absolutely.
[indistinct shouting]
Down!
Clay:
Make the hard choice, son.
Either Abel is dead,
and you want revenge...
[grunting]
or he’s alive,
and you would kill
to find him.
[church bells tolling]
[tolling continues]
Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
It’s been months since
my last confession.
I killed a man.
He was part of the crew
that murdered my son.
I took the child
of another man.
In some twisted way,
trying to replace Eddy.
[panting]
I made so many mistakes,
against God,
what I believe.
Can’t see a way out.
Don’t know what to do.
For these and all my sins,
Father, I am sorry.
[panting]
Man:
These are, uh,
very serious sins.
You’ve broken your link
to God, my son.
You need to be
willing to repay all those
you have caused pain.
Mend the wreckage.
Eh.
I know.
I’m willing, Father.
Then, by the almighty
and merciful God,
I grant you pardon,
absolution,
and remission
of your sins.
Amen.
Your penance–
five Acts of Contrition.
Say them fast, cousin.
We need to talk.
Am I out?
Under the circumstances,
I can make an exception
for the obstruction charge.
Thanks.
I’m sorry about Hale.
Yeah. Me, too.
This attack...
I know what it means,
what you guys got to do.
I don’t give a shit
about retaliation.
I’m gonna find my kid.
Showing up at Maureen’s
was very risky.
I know.
I had no place to go.
Jimmy thinks
I’m a tout, Kellan.
Not true.
ATF set up Eddy.
Just want to be able
to plead my case
to the council.
More than one strike,
Cammy.
I know.
Never should have made
that deal with the AB.
Just thought,
knowing Jimmy’s plan for
pushing out the Sons–
Jimmy doesn’t make
those decisions.
You killed a man
that was part
of an organization
that we have been allied to
for more than 20 years.
You kidnapped
the grandson of the man
responsible for that union.
John Teller was a friend.
Child is fine, Father.
Mo’s looking after him.
Took care of him
like he was my own.
I know our history runs deep
with the Sons, but Jesus,
Kellan, was John’s old lady
murdered my boy.
There’s got to be some
understanding of that.
I’ll speak to Jimmy
and the council.
The Sons will require
some further thought.
Thank you.
Hello, my son.
What’s up, man?
- Hey, bro.
- Jackie boy.
So what do we know
about the shooter?
His jaw, cheek,
and nose are busted.
Good.
Mayan?
No. A few priors,
but no known affiliations.
It don’t make any sense.
Tell me about it.
You baby-sitting
at St. Thomas?
No. Sanwa D.A.’s
all over it,
getting him to flip on
the ones that got away.
On the subject of, uh,
fugitives,
I got some news
on your bride.
Zobelle’s girl?
Nine mil in her hand
when she hit the floor.
Self-defense?
Possibly.
Irish kid took
two in the back.
That’s still looking
like murder one.
Well, that’s something.
Hey, where are we at
with the Irish?
Sitting down with Jimmy
this afternoon.
Oh, shit.
I’ll catch up
to you, okay?
I didn’t know you were out.
[engines revving]
I don’t know
what happens now, Tara.
It’s gonna get a lot worse
before it gets better.
I know.
Do you?
What happened last night’s
just the tip of the iceberg.
You trying to scare me?
Yeah, I am.
I’ll see you later.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Look away.
Let me guess.
They were freaking me out.
This one’s my favorite.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
[Gemma chuckles]
You talk to Clay?
Yeah. Yeah,
he knows we’re here.
Was he pissed?
Gem, he had other
things on his mind.
Bad night.
Shit. What?
Drive-by.
Sack’s wake.
Jesus Christ.
We’re whole, but some kid
was shot, and, uh, Hale...
was killed.
Oh, my God.
Man, I hate being away.
Good morning.
Morning, doll.
Is he up?
Getting dressed.
You haven’t asked
about your mom.
Thought maybe you’d want
to know what happened to her.
I know what happened.
It’s him I’m worried about.
Rose took care
of everything.
Nate’s care facility
will be ready for him
day after tomorrow,
and there’s a buyer
for the house,
the trust has been set up.
Family was real
important to her.
Don’t remember much of that.
When’s the last time
you saw her?
Mm, I don’t know.
Years.
Why so much distance?
Personal safety.
You didn’t get along?
What, you writing
her memoir, darling?
Oh, morning, Daddy.
Gemma.
I know.
Amelia:
Can I get you breakfast?
No, no, just, uh, coffee.
Gemma:
I got that.
Nate:
Well, who-who did this?
You know how your mother
hates when things
are out of place.
Now, that I remember.
Here, come here, Dad.
Sit down.
Yeah.
I hardly recognize you,
sweetheart.
Been a long time, Daddy.
Yeah.
How old are you now?
53.
[door closes]
Hey, Gem, I got Clay.
Who the hell are you?
Oh, he’s a friend.
How’d you get in here?!
I-I’ll call him later.
Uh, Daddy, Tig’s with me.
He brought me here.
Y-You met him last night.
I know that.
I remember.
I’m not– I’m–
I’m not a moron.
Coffee’s too strong.
Next time, you let
your mother make it.
O-Okay. Yeah.
[knocking at door]
I need you to,
um, put this through.
Leave of absence?
All the paperwork is there.
For how long?
Six months.
I saw what happened
in surgery yesterday.
Panic attack?
I’m not sure,
it’s never happened before.
Well, I’m guessing
you never watched
a man get stabbed to death
before, either.
You should never
have been back
in the O.R. that soon.
Well, now you get your way.
I’ll be gone.
Dropping out for six months
will hurt your career.
Maybe you should take
a few personal days,
think about this.
What do you care
about my career?
Unlike your
very heated response,
my actions against you
were not personal.
I was protecting
this hospital.
Same reason I’m telling you
to rethink the leave.
St. Thomas needs
good surgeons.
Love you, baby.
How’s she doing?
Safe.
Guess the old man’s
not so hot.
Sorry to hear
about your grandma.
Uh, I didn’t really
know her that well.
Sheriff’s guarding
the shooter,
just like Unser said.
All right, I’ll see
if Tara can help.
Let’s go visit Chucky.
Brighten his day.
I’m telling you,
Eddy set me up.
Pulled me into the safe house
so ATF could catch me
with the guns.
Clay can back me up.
He was there.
Jesus.
I find it hard to believe
that Cammy wasn’t privy
to what his son was doing.
He needs to go away,
quietly.
Well, that is
a council decision.
He’s a tout.
Decision’s obvious.
Been away too long, Jimmy.
You’ve forgotten how
we do things at home.
It’s not a one-man army.
You giving me
a sermon, Father?
I don’t swing incense
at St. Matt’s anymore.
Oh, I’m very aware of that.
What do we know
about Clay’s old lady
killing Edmond?
Meeting with SAMCRO
this afternoon.
What about the wee one?
The baby’s safe.
Good.
I’ll give you a bell
after we talk with the Sons.
Troubles?
Our good priest.
Getting a mite too godly
for his collar.
Excuse me, I’m looking
for Dr. Knowles.
I’m sorry,
she’s off rotation.
What do you mean?
She needed some
personal time.
The suspension
was lifted, right?
Yes. It was.
What happened to your face?
Tara asked for
a leave of absence.
I think it’s a mistake.
She needs her work.
We both know
she belongs here.
Yeah, she does.
Tara can’t help.
We got it covered.
Chucky:
They cut off my fingers!
Oh, my God, they cut off
my goddamn fingers!
Hey! Hey!
I come in here
to have a mole removed–
Look what they did!
- They took my thumbs off!
- Put some pants back on!
I love Chucky.
Man:
This is a secure hallway!
[grunting]
Easy, ese,  easy.
This guy ain’t
gonna be doing any talking.
Who ordered the drive-by?
Alvarez?
[spits]
[groaning]
Is this a Mayan hit?
Check his ink.
[panting]
No Mayan colors,
no gang tats.
Bobby:
Yo, we need
to get out of here.
[panting]
Three-twelve.
C.L.?
Calaveras.
Lodi.
It’s a wetback MC.
[panting]
Calaveras is
a Mayan puppet club.
What the hell are they doing
proxying a retaliation?
Holy shit.
What if the attack
was initiation?
It’s a goddamn patch-over.
Mayans are moving into Lodi.
It was heart disease.
A family flaw.
Guess it got pretty ugly.
I’m sorry.
Yeah.
Well, she’s still
pulling the strings.
Even dead,
Rose is a control freak.
Sounds familiar.
I am not my mother,
you little shithead.
Okay.
Thank you, Jackson.
I love you, Mom.
How’s our baby boy?
[motorcycles approaching]
He’s good.
- You–
You go do your thing.
- Yeah.
You take care
of yourself, Mom.
Always.
Wasn’t my old lady
killed Cameron’s kid.
It was ATF– Stahl.
Shot him in the back.
Gemma was there
to settle the score with
Zobelle’s daughter.
Fed guys didn’t
want to take the heat
for the dirty kill.
Put it on my wife.
Jax:
Why would my mom
kill Edmond?
It doesn’t make sense.
That’s the truth, Jimmy.
Jesus Christ.
Shit just gets deeper.
Cameron directed
his vengeance
at the wrong target.
Now he’s got my son.
Aye.
Clay:
And we know he’s got
a fake passport.
He’s got to be
back in Belfast.
No.
My intel says
he’s still here.
How do you know?
On account he can’t make
a move in the Six Counties
without me
hearing about it.
He hasn’t jumped off
this rock yet.
I’ll be heading back home
in a couple of days.
Luke’ll take point here.
Any news about
Cammy or the boy,
I give you my word
you’ll be the first to know.
Bobby?
Your ex-wife still with
that Guido bounty hunter?
Yeah, why?
Want to put him on Cameron?
Might be all we can do.
Cops aren’t doing shit.
We aren’t getting anywhere.
Well, I’m currently at
an impasse with Precious.
How much of an impasse?
Six months’ alimony,
two months’ child support.
Of course.
Let’s go visit the crazy
redheaded rattlesnake.
You got any idea
how expensive Tiki’s
inhalers are, huh?
The albuterol?
Shit.
Precious,
I sent you a grand.
Did you really just say
the check is in the mail?
Really?
Yeah.
You think I’m as dumb
as you are fat?
Get out of my store!
Get out!
Don’t make me hurt you!
Get out! Out!
Precious! Precious!
We need your old man
to help me find my kid.
He’s missing.
My brother.
Hey. You guys have
had a tough run.
Condolences all around.
- Thanks, T.
- So, how can we help?
Drive-by had to be
ordered by the Mayans.
We figure
it was a patch-over.
Initiates out of Lodi.
Calaveras M.C.
Oh, shit, yeah.
We been seeing a lot
of Mayan activity in town.
Calaveras have been on
a recruiting spree.
- All adds up.
- Yeah.
Chibs:
We’re gonna have to
break it down.
Can’t have these Mayans
at our borders.
We can’t have ’em
inside ours.
You know, dope
and pussy game’s
tough enough
without Alvarez
stepping on it.
Agreed.
What’s the move?
Let’s find out
what Alvarez is up to.
I need you to locate
a C.L. for me.
Opie:
It’s got to be an officer,
somebody plugged in
to making club decisions.
Yeah.
We’ll find the right beaner.
See you, man.
Okay, bro.
Take care.
Okay.
[indistinct police radio
transmission in distance]
Need help carrying
this stuff out?
What the hell
happens now, Chief?
I stay on as chief
until city council
finds a replacement.
I meant for Charming.
Copping you out
when I brokered a deal
25 years ago.
You expedite SAMCRO’s
criminal needs,
and they protect the town.
Everyone knows,
no one cares
’cause it worked.
Doesn’t work anymore.
Murder, kidnap,
gangland shoot-outs.
I’m afraid the 21st century
has come to Charming.
Just what
you and your brother
wanted, ain’t it?
Progress?
County Sheriff’s Office
would like nothing more
than to absorb Charming PD.
And the city council
is ready to let ’em.
There a point
behind this threat?
It’s not a threat.
I think it’s a bad idea.
Charming needs
its local police.
Back me for mayor,
support my changes,
I’ll let you handpick
your successor.
You protect your department;
we both protect the town.
Even if I’m the Devil,
it wouldn’t be the first time
you shook my hand, Wayne.
You think about it.
I’m not going anywhere.
I hacked into
as many local sources
as possible.
You got access to commercial
and federal databases.
I need you
to find this guy.
We got a bigger obstacle.
She’s pissed.
Yes, she is.
I got a high-risk
bounty today.
Arty Brand,
ex-military.
I’m runnin’ half speed.
I was gonna hire
a few guys.
But if we do it,
you’ll help us?
I take half your day pay
for running intel
on Cameron Hayes,
AKA Timothy O’Dell.
The other half of the cash,
throw to Precious
and the kids.
Deal.
Oh.
Oh, hey.
Well, hey.
Hey.
Nice robe.
Yeah.
Uh, where you going
with the baby oil?
I’m not gonna lie to you.
Gemma, I’m a very
big man, and...
a little bit
of lube sometimes,
it’s just the humane
thing to do.
- Mm.
- Yeah.
Well, I hope that’s
the Guatemalan hottie
in there and–
not my dad.
Nah.
Nah, yeah.
Okay.
I mean, Nate’s
a very handsome man,
but not my bent.
Mm.
[entry bell dings]
Announcer:
We’re here to make sure
that you get everything
your body desires.
Arty’s in the jerk booth
in back– number four.
Okay. Hey, we’ll take
the skip.
Make sure his buddies
stay out front.
Yeah.
[cocks gun]
I need this guy whole.
Yeah.
...for the price of one.
You know you’ve always
wanted to try it.
Now you can.
They will give you
everything you’ve longed
for, and then some.
Remember, we’re
Adult Emporium–
your one-stop pleasure shop.
Check out our newest
arrival on DVD,
Sorority Girls,
at a special low
introductory price,
starring the delicious
Lily Flowers.
[announcer continues
indistinctly]
Sorry to step on your
post-whack bliss, Arty,
but you got
a bounty on your head.
- Hey!
- [gunshots]
Drop it.
[groans]
Get down.
I got ’em.
Sorry.
[grunting]
Oh, shit.
[panting]
[two gunshots]
No! Don’t shoot him.
It’s over, Arty.
[horn honks]
[brakes screech]
Damn hybrids.
Dangerous.
Get lost.
I can handle it
from here.
[siren wailing in distance]
Hey, I want something
on Cameron Hayes by
the end of the day.
Make sure that happens.
Yeah.
Bastards found
the Calaveras’ president,
Hector Salazar.
Opie:
End of the road.
He’s up there
with his old lady.
[knocking at door]
Man:
Yeah?
Yeah, I think we backed over
your Harley out here.
You might want
to come and take a look.
What?
Oh, shit!
[Spanish hip-hop playing]
[grunting]
Man: The hell you
cabrones doing here?
Find the girl.
Man:
Puto, get out
of my house.
Some of your pussy patches
paid us a visit last night.
Why are you doing
Mayan bitch work, ese?
Woman:
Caca, piece of shit!
Go, go!
Easy, darling, easy.
I’m having a rough day
with the ladies.
- Luisa!
- [Luisa screams]
Man:
Don’t hurt her!
You puto bitch!
[Hector grunts]
Jax:
We know Calaveras
are patching over Mayan.
We want to know why.
I don’t know shit
about no patch.
[Hector grunts]
That’s the wrong
answer, bitch.
Clay: Enough!
We’ll take him to the hole,
finish this.
[Hector groaning]
Yeah.
You can’t kill me.
I’m a patch president.
[grunts]
I don’t recognize
your bullshit MC.
Come on,
sweetheart, come on.
That’s it, now.
There.
[door opens and closes]
How is he, sis?
He’s a special one.
They’re all special
at that wee age.
Where’s Trinity?
She’s on holiday
with a friend.
How is our cousin?
I heard from Jimmy.
He has proof that Eddy
worked for the Feds.
Oh, shit.
It gets worse.
I spoke to Clay.
It wasn’t Gemma
killed the boy.
It was ATF.
Oh, Jesus, Kell, no.
I know.
I’ve consulted
with the council.
If we leave it
till Jimmy or the MC
get a hold of Cammy...
it’ll be brutal, Mo.
Yeah, I know.
How does it land
on the cause?
Jimmy’s desire–
see Cammy erased.
No trace
that he or the lad
were ever here.
Last thing Jimmy wants
is SAMCRO shooting up here,
looking for this one.
Yes, that would
complicate his plans.
And what do you desire,
Father Ashby?
To give the Sacrament
to make sure our kin end up
on the right side of God.
Dad, soup’s almost ready.
[toilet flushes]
Amelia:
Oh, yes, that’s it.
[Amelia moaning]
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Rose?
Oh, yeah.
Rose, are you all right?
[Amelia giggling]
[Amelia moaning]
Yeah, give it to me.
[Amelia panting]
[phone ringing]
Yeah?
Tara:
Gemma, it’s me.
Something wrong?
No, just calling
to check on you.
You on your cell?
Using one of Jax’s prepays.
You’re learning.
Yeah, I guess.
You okay, sweetheart?
I don’t know.
Guess I just needed
to hear a friendly voice.
You went through it, baby.
What happened
with the prospect,
that’s shit no one
should have to see.
Got to hold on
to family, baby.
That’s what’s
getting me through it.
Jax, Abel–
Don’t let go of them.
Keep your strength.
Yeah.
- [gunshot]
- [Amelia screams]
What was that?
- [Tig yells]
- Shit.
- Amelia: No.
- I’ll call you back.
How could you
do this to me, Rose?
How could you?
Jesus Christ, Dad,
what are you doing?
He shot me,
the crazy old prick.
He thought I was Rose.
Nate:
What, wha-what is it?
Holy shit, Dad.
Oh, God, wha-what,
what did I do?
Oh, God.
Okay, Vicodin.
Here, eat up.
Rose don’t
need ’em anymore.
How’s Nate?
Hopefully he’ll
forget by morning.
We got to get you
to the E.R.
It’s a bullet wound.
They’ll report it
to the cops.
It was an accident.
They can’t
arrest your father.
Not him I’m worried about.
Okay, but you’re going to
have to pull this slug.
Think you can do that?
Yeah, I’ll just use
a little lube.
- I’m sorry.
- Uh-huh.
[screams]
Come on!
Yo no sé nada!
Yo no sé nada,
no sé nada, cabrón.
You’re making a mistake.
You’re making a mista...
Yo no sé nada!
You talk to Juice?
Yeah. Waiting on
Serg’s intel.
Opie:
We miss anything?
Just about
to get started.
You want first crack
at the piñata?
Opie:
Yeah.
[engines start]
[engines revving]
What are you doing?
I’m helping him
through it.
Wait.
¿Que estan haciendo?
What is this?!
Please.
[sobbing]
Tell them no. No!
No!
[engines revving]
[screaming]
Bravo, matador,
bravo!
[gasping]
[sobbing]
Stop! Stop!
No more!
[engines stop]
Stop.
[sobbing]
Why’s Alvarez
patching you over?
Heroin!
The Mayans are
setting up a bag-and-cut
operation in Lodi.
[sobbing softly]
They’re moving H
to Stockton Prison.
That’s all I know.
[sobbing continues]
This had to be the deal
Alvarez cut with Zobelle.
Must still be on the table.
Mayans supply the dope,
A.B. gives them
the prison market.
They’re processing H in Lodi,
means they’re running it
through Charming
to get to Stockton.
Got to take Alvarez down.
Shred him in pieces.
We get bloody.
We can’t afford another war.
We just ended one
almost finished us.
We got assault
charges pending.
Gemma gone, Abel.
We off this guy,
it’s an escalation.
Bloody ’92 all over again.
We spare this shithead,
might give us a little
room to negotiate.
Chibs:
Negotiate what?
Alvarez wants us dead.
Well, then we’ll just
have to change his mind.
Do I need to take a vote?
Let this pendejo
out of the hole.
He’s going home.
Hey, Hector.
It’s your lucky day.
[sobbing]
- [typing]
- [music playing quietly]
Doing a little research?
Look, whatever you did,
it’s none of my business.
I’m just here to do my job.
I appreciate that.
Where you going?
Rite Aid.
We’re out of gauze.
You should stick around.
Under the circumstances,
think it’s best.
Circumstances?
Ones that might tempt you
to make a $10,000 phone call.
The reward’s been upped
to 25 grand.
Wow.
How many bedpans
you got to empty for
that kind of cash?
A lot.
I’m sorry.
Now get out of my way.
The gun’s empty,
sweetheart.
Go ahead.
Pull the trigger.
[gun clicks]
But this one
is very loaded.
Let’s go.
My greedy little Guati.
Go on.
[keys jingling]
Where you going?
Gemma called.
Something happened
with your granddad.
She wants me up there.
No. If you get caught
with my mom,
that’s aiding
and abetting–
a federal crime.
Well, what do
you want me to tell her?
Tell her you’re taking
a leave of absence.
I was gonna tell you.
The beating you put
on your boss?
You gonna tell me
about that, too?
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah?
When?
Okay, I’m on my way.
What is it?
I’m not sure.
I’ll be back
in a little while.
We need to finish
this conversation.
[door opens, closes]
[motorcycle engine starts]
May the Lord who frees you
from sin save you.
May He raise you up,
my son.
[hymn playing softly]
[choking]
Wait until dark.
Mark him.
Drop him in Short Strand.
I want everyone to know
Cammy Hayes came home.
What did Serg find?
Three days ago.
Amtrak station in Rocklin.
Timothy O’Dell and infant
bought a one-way ticket
to Vancouver.
My kid.
Abel’s fine.
We know he’s up north.
We’re gonna find Cameron,
and we’re gonna
bring your son home.
Yeah.
♪ Now I surrender ♪
♪ Peaceful to sleep ♪
♪ Into thy hands ♪
♪ Giving my soul to keep ♪